Adding a table ref for CVEs (#198)
neuvector/docs: docs/16.security_advisories/01.security_advisories/cve.md

> | ID | Description | Date | Release |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ID | Description | Date | Resolution |
```

Reviewer: Not part of changes but this should be updated to be clear to users on the resolution version/date. Standard with what can be seen on the [RM table for example](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/v2.12/reference-guides/rancher-security/security-advisories-and-cves).

| [CVE-2025-53884](https://github.com/neuvector/neuvector/security/advisories/GHSA-8ff6-pc43-jwv3) | NeuVector uses a cryptographically secure salt with the PBKDF2 algorithm instead of a simple hash to protect user passwords. For rolling upgrades from earlier versions, NeuVector recalculates and stores the new password hash only after each user’s next successful login. | 25 Aug 2025 | [NeuVector v5.4.6](https://github.com/neuvector/neuvector/releases/tag/v5.4.6) |
| [CVE-2025-54467](https://github.com/neuvector/neuvector/security/advisories/GHSA-w54x-xfxg-4gxq) | By default, NeuVector redacts process commands that contain the strings password,passwd, pwd, token, or key in security logs, syslog, enforcer debug logs, controller debug logs, webhooks, and support logs. Users can configure a Kubernetes ConfigMap to define custom regex patterns for additional process commands to redact. | 25 Aug 2025 | [NeuVector v5.4.6](https://github.com/neuvector/neuvector/releases/tag/v5.4.6) |

> | [CVE-2025-46808](?) | Sensitive information may be logged in the manager container depending on logging configuration and credential permissions. For more information, refer to [ Sensitive information exposure in NeuVector manager container logs](#sensitive-information-exposure-in-neuvector-manager-container-logs) | ? | [NeuVector v5.4.5](https://github.com/neuvector/neuvector/releases/tag/v5.4.5) |
> 
> 
> | — | . Fixed in 5.4.5. | < 5.0.0 – 5.4.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CVE-2025-46808 | Sensitive information may be logged in the manager container depending on logging configuration and credential permissions. For more information, refer to [Sensitive information exposure in NeuVector manager container logs](#sensitive-information-exposure-in-neuvector-manager-container-logs). | 09 Jul 2025 | [NeuVector v5.4.5](https://github.com/neuvector/neuvector/releases/tag/v5.4.5) |

```

Reviewer: I did some research in the [NV repo](https://github.com/neuvector/neuvector/security) and [RM repo](https://github.com/rancher/rancher/security/advisories?page=1) for security link but I didn't see any items regarding CVE-2025-46808, do you have any more context @kakabisht ? Otherwise may need to follow-up with Security to see if they might know where the CVE is hosted to get a link. We can have no link for now and the link to the section below gives appropriate information to resolve.
